[PAN-OS] UI output for url command (#30648)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/2_1_12.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where the `!url` command readable output had [DT](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/integrations/dt) syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the `url` command readable output had Cortex XSOAR Transform Language sytax.
```
